README.md, before:

# GitHub Copilot Go Demos

This repository contains a set of guided demos to showcase how [GitHub Copilot and Copilot Chat](https://github.com/features/copilot) can assist Go developers with real-world development tasks like refactoring, testing, debugging, scaffolding, and project design.

---

## Contents

| Demo | Description |
|------|-------------|
| **Demo 1** | Refactor function with error handling |
| **Demo 2** | Translate a Python class to idiomatic Go |
| **Demo 3** | Generate unit tests for a Go function |
| **Demo 4** | Identify and fix infinite loop (RCA) |
| **Demo 5** | Refactor monolithic function into helpers |
| **Demo 6** | Use Copilot for code review & mentoring |
| **Demo 7** | Use `/new` to scaffold a Go web API project from scratch |
| **Demo 8** | Analyze telecom system specification for CDR Transformation Microservice and collaborate with Copilot to extract requirements, design modules, and define interfaces |
| **Demo 9** | Use Copilot to help you ideate, scaffold, and evolve an entire microservice from scratch — including logic, deployment, and documentation|

---

## License

[MIT License](LICENSE)

---

## Feedback

Feel free to open issues or contribute enhancements to these examples. This is a live learning space!

---

## References

- [GitHub Copilot Docs](https://docs.github.com/en/copilot)
- [Effective Go](https://go.dev/doc/effective_go)

Commit message:

Add demo project code and configuration

README.md, after:

# GitHub Copilot Go Demos

This repository contains a set of guided demos to showcase how [GitHub Copilot and Copilot Chat](https://github.com/features/copilot) can assist Go developers with real-world development tasks like refactoring, testing, debugging, scaffolding, and project design.

---

## Contents

| Demo | Description |
|------|-------------|
| **Demo 1** | Refactor function with error handling |
| **Demo 2** | Translate a Python class to idiomatic Go |
| **Demo 3** | Generate unit tests for a Go function |
| **Demo 4** | Identify and fix infinite loop (RCA) |
| **Demo 5** | Refactor monolithic function into helpers |
| **Demo 6** | Use Copilot for code review & mentoring |
| **Demo 7** | Use `/new` to scaffold a Go web API project from scratch |
| **Demo 8** | Analyze telecom system specification for CDR Transformation Microservice and collaborate with Copilot to extract requirements, design modules, and define interfaces |
| **Demo 9** | Use Copilot to help you ideate, scaffold, and evolve an entire microservice from scratch — including logic, deployment, and documentation|

---

# CDR Transformation Microservice

This project implements a modular microservice for CDR (Call Detail Record) ingestion, enrichment, transformation, filtering, and exporting.

See [specs.md](./specs.md) for detailed requirements and design.

## License

[MIT License](LICENSE)

---

## Feedback

Feel free to open issues or contribute enhancements to these examples. This is a live learning space!

---

## References

- [GitHub Copilot Docs](https://docs.github.com/en/copilot)
- [Effective Go](https://go.dev/doc/effective_go)
